Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
STRATEGIC REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
Operational control risk
The Company is subject to operational control risk around its normal course of business activities. Deficiencies in information
systems, breaches of internal controls, human errors, management failure, operational problems, fraud or geopolitical instability
could lead to disruption of business, financial loss, regulatory intervention or damaged reputation.
Inventory risk
The Company is potentially exposed to physical loss of inventories and decrease in value of its inventories due to commodity
price movements.
Challenges
A milder than expected Winter 2024/25, coupled with robust LNG arrivals, allowed European gas storages to enter the heating
season at near record levels reaching 83% full by early October’25 helping stabilize prices through Q4’24 and into Q1°25.
However, the complete cessation of Russian pipeline gas transit via Ukraine on January 1, 2025, following the expiration of the
transit agreement, introduced fresh supply risks that tightened market balances and pushed TTF prices above €48/MWh by year-
end, despite forecasts for a moderate average of €33/MWh across 2025.
On the supply side, the permanent loss of over 15 bem/year in Russian volumes via Ukraine unreplaced by alternative piped
routes has accelerated Europe's pivot to LNG, with imports surging 25% year on year to a record 92 bem in the first half of 2025
alone. This shift, amid heightened geopolitical tensions and a fragile global balance, has kept prices volatile, even as new U.S.
facilities like Plaquemines LNG ramp up exports to offset some tightness. Storage levels, now projected to close the 2025/26
winter at around 35% even in a no Russian gas scenario, underscore the EU's improved resilience, but quicker than average
draws in early winter have heightened refilling pressures for Summer’26.
Current premium spreads with European TTF benchmarks averaging $13.46/MMBtu in 2025 versus $12.89/MMBtu for Asian
JKM continue to divert flexible LNG cargoes toward Europe, outcompeting price-sensitive Asian buyers like China, whose
imports fell 22% year on year in H1’25. Dragon remains well-positioned in this dynamic, capitalising on sustained high utilisation
rates during peak winter periods to deliver reliable regasification services, and Europe's LNG dependency endures through 2026.
Engaging With Stakeholders
Effective and high-quality engagement with stakeholders is vital for the success of the Company. Therefore, the Company
regularly engages with shareholders, and other relevant stakeholders. Effective engagement with key stakeholders enables two-
way dialogue, stakeholders are informed on a regular basis on Company’s key activities and strategies which may potentially
impact them, and Company obtains valuable information from key stakeholders which helps to shape Company’s plans and
strategies to ensure sustainability and future growth of the Company.
Senior leaders of the Company regularly participate in virtual meetings with clients, industry events and conferences. By
carefully listening to the concerns of key stakeholders, the Company could successfully deliver bespoke solutions to its customers
and improved the way it works with its customers, which serves as an invaluable differentiating factor in the competitive market.
Customers and suppliers
The Company and relevant Directors proactively and continuously engage with its customers and suppliers through both face-
to-face meetings and digital platforms. The Company’s only customer & supplier is PTUK which is a related company.
Other stakeholders
The Company also regularly engages with its bankers, government agencies and service providers to provide them with the
required regulatory information to comply with laws and regulations. The Company has actively participated in the surveys
conducted by the Office of National Statistics during the year.
6
