Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

+ We assessed the susceptibility of the Company’s financial statements to material misstatement, including how fraud might
occur by considering the risk of management override, specifically relating to net trading income, revenue and onerous
contract provision. Based on this, we:

co Performed test of details over material net trading margin and revenue transactions and traced these to subsequent cash
settlements.

o Performed tests of details of journal entries, focusing on journals recorded near the year end, high-risk manual postings
and checked the correctness of the opening balances carried forward and reviewed them for completeness.

co Reviewed the discounted cash flow model, with the involvement of internal specialist, in respect of the onerous contract
provision, focusing on management's assumptions and estimates.

+ Based on this understanding we designed our audit procedures to identify noncompliance with such laws and regulations.
Our procedures involved performing inquiries of senior management and those charged with governance and through
reading of board minutes.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the
Financial Reporting Council’s website at https://www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our
auditor’s report.
Use of our report
This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act
2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members those matters we are required to
state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the company and the company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for
the opinions we have formed.
Kiran Jamil (Senior Statutory Auditor) :
for and on behalf of Ernst & Young LLP, Statutory Auditor
London
Date:

14
