Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
1 BASIS OF PREPARATION : ,
1.1 Statement of compliance

The financial statements of LNG Investments Europe Limited (the “Company") for the year ended 31 December 2025 were
authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 92 March 2026 , The Company is incorporated and

e domiciled in the United Kingdom under the Companies Act 2006 as a private limited company by shares. The address of the
registered office is given on the Company information page. The principal activities of the Company are set out in the Strategic
Report on pages 4-7.
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting
standards.
As of | January 2025, the Company had adopted amendments to IFRS and IFRS Interpretation Committee (“IFRIC”)
(collectively referred to as “pronouncements”) that have been issued by the International Accounting Standard Board (“IASB”)
as described fully in Note 28. The adoption of these pronouncements does not have any material impact to the financial
statements of the Company.
TASB has also issued new and revised pronouncements which are not yet effective for the Company and therefore, have not
been adopted for in these financial statements. These pronouncements including their impact on the financial statements in the
period of initial application are set out in Note 29. Neither the entity nor others have powers to amend the financial statements
after issue.

_ 1.2 Basis of measurement

The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except that, as disclosed in the accounting policies
below, certain items are measured at fair value.
Going concern
Having considered the Company’s financial position, as well as the Company’s forecast and projections, the Directors have
assessed the cashflows of the Company for 12 months from the date of these financial statements and concluded that the
Company would require support from its immediate Parent entity in order to continue to be going concern. PLSB has agreed
to provide financial support for a minimum of twelve-month period from the date of signing these financial statements in order
for the Company to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due. PLSB has adequate resources to continue in operational
existence for the foreseeable future. PLSB has sufficient cash resources that would put it in a position to provide financial
support to the Company to enable it to meet its liabilities as they fall due. Accordingly, Directors of the Company continue to
adopt the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements.

1.3. Functional and presentation currency :
The financial statements are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates
(“the functional currency”). The Company’s financial statements are presented in GBP Sterling (“£”), which is the Company’s
functional currency. All values are rounded to the nearest thousand (£'000), except when otherwise indicated.

19
