Docusign Envelope 1D: BCBF091A-82F 5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.9 Financial instruments (continued)
ii) Financial liabilities
The categories of financial liabilities at initial recognition are as follows:
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Fair value through profit or loss category comprises financial liabilities that are derivatives (except for a derivative that is a
financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging instrument), contingent consideration in a business
combination and financial liabilities that are specifically designated into this category upon initial recognition.
On initial recognition, the Company may irrevocably designate a financial liability that otherwise meets the requirements to
be measured at amortised cost as at fair value through profit or loss:
a) if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise;
b) a group of financial liabilities or financial assets and financial liabilities is managed and its performance is evaluated on a
fair value basis, in accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the Company
is provided internally on that basis to the Company’s key management personnel; or
c) if a contract contains one or more embedded derivatives and the host is not a financial asset in the scope of IFRS 9, where
the embedded derivative significantly modifies the cash flows and separation is not prohibited.
Financial liabilities categorised as fair value through profit or loss are subsequently measured at their fair value with gains or
losses, including any interest expense are recognised in the profit or loss.
For financial liabilities where it is designated as fair value through profit or loss upon initial recognition, the Company
recognises the amount of change in fair value of the financial liability that is attributable to change in credit risk in the other
comprehensive income and remaining amount of the change in fair value in the profit or loss, unless the treatment of the effects
of changes in the liability’s credit risk would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch.
Amortised cost
Subsequent to initial recognition, other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest method.
Gains and losses are recognised in the profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the amortisation
process.
iii) Derivative financial instruments
The Company use derivative financial instruments such as foreign currency swaps, forward contracts and futures and to
manage certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices.
Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into
and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as
financial liabilities when the fair value is negative.
Any gains and losses arising from changes in fair value on derivatives during the year are recognised in the profit or loss.
In general, contracts to sell or purchase non-financial items to meet expected own use requirements are not accounted for as
financial instruments. However, contracts to sell or purchase commodities that can be net settled or which contain written
options are required to be recognised at fair value, with gains and losses recognised in the profit or loss.
24
