Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.10 Impairment (continued)
ii) Financial assets (continued)
An impairment loss in respect of debt investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income is recognised
in profit or loss and the allowance account is recognised in other comprehensive income.
All financial assets, except for those measured at fair value through profit or loss and equity investments measured at fair value
through other comprehensive income, are subject to impairment. ,
iii) Other assets
The carrying amounts of other assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date to
determine whether there is any indication of impairment.
If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated, An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying
amount of an asset or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses are
recognised in the profit or loss.
In respect of other assets, impairment losses are reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the
recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the
carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been
recognised.
A cash-generating unit is the smallest identifiable asset group that generates cash flows from continuing use that are largely
independent from other assets and groups. An impairment loss recognised in respect of a cash-generating unit is allocated.
The recoverable amount is the greater of the asset’s fair value less cost to sell and its value-in-use. In assessing value-in-use,
the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For an asset that does not generate largely
independent cash inflows, the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
Reversals of impairment losses are credited to the profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.
2.11 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise of cash at banks, deposits with licensed financial
institutions and highly liquid investments which have an insignificant risk of changes in fair value and are used by the
Company in the management of their short-term commitments. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows, cash and cash
equivalents are presented net of bank overdrafts and deposits restricted, if any.
26
