Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.13 Provision (Continued)
For subsequent measurement of the Onerous Contract Provision, the Company has adopted the PETRONAS Group A
Principles & Guidelines. The Company reassesses the onerous provision on an annual basis to reflect any changes in key
assumptions. Increase in provision and/or additional provision is recognised in financial statements when it is identified. If
reassessed provision is lower than the carrying amount, management obtains sufficient evidence that indicators of provision
has decreased or no longer exists. Management shall perform additional test to ensure that the reversal of provision is not
sensitive to changes in parameters, by applying more prudent assumptions, before recognising the reversal amount in the
financial statements.
2.14 Cost of LNG regasification

Cost of LNG regasification mainly includes the capacity costs related to the regasification facility at Dragon as well as the
National grid capacity and send out costs. Also included is the utilisation in relation to the Onerous provision.

3. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES, JUDGEMENTS AND ASSUMPTIONS
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the Company to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of the Company’s accounting policies with respect to the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

3.1. Significant judgments
Significant judgements are those made by the company when applying its accounting policies that are considered to have the
most significant impact on amount recognised in financial statement.
Those judgements that are considered to have most significant impact on amounts recognised in the financial statements are
described in Note 3.2.

3.2 Significant estimates and assumptions
Significant estimates and associated assumptions are those that have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year. Estimates and underlying assumptions reviewed on an
on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and any
future periods affected.
Onerous Contract
The oncrous contract under IAS 37 has been reassessed in 2025 and 2024 based mainly on two contracts:
i) Throughput Agreement on Dragon plan management between PTUK, Dragon LNG Ltd and Shell Energy Europe Limited
(“Throughput Agreement”); and
ii) SLA between LIEL and PTUK, whereby the latter recharges to the former all costs in relation to the Throughput Agreement.
In view of the high fixed maintenance costs of the plant (indexed as per the Throughput agreement) which are approximately
£41.7 million (2024: £41.3 million) per year on average, over and above the variable costs for gas send-out and marine
services, the total unavoidable costs are fairly high and exceed the economic benefits to the Company leading to negative
forecasted cash flows of £170 million (2024: £213 million) from 2026 to expiry of the Throughput Agreement in August
2029. As a result, the Company continues to recognise an onerous contract provision in 2025 and 2024.
The Company uses a range of long-term assumptions including prices, volume, margins and costs based on past performance
and management expectations of market development in the estimation of the present value of the provision.

28
