Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
25. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
Financial liabilities
Trade and other payables (9,715) - (9,715)
Derivative liabilities : (18,120) (18,120)
(9,715) (18,120) (27,835)

Financial risk management
The Company is exposed to various risks that are particular to its core business. These risks, which arise in the normal course
of the Company’s business, comprise credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk relating to interest rates, foreign currency
exchange rates, and commodity prices. The Company has policies and guidelines in place that are based on a consistent
approach in line with the established financial risk management across the PETRONAS. Risk taking activities are undertaken
within acceptable level of risk or risk appetite, whereby the risk appetite level reflects business considerations and capacity to
assume such risks. The risk appetite is established at Board level, where relevant, based on defined methodology and translated
into operational thresholds.
The Company’s goal in risk management is to ensure that the management understands, measures and monitors the various
risks that arise in connection with their operations. Policies and guidelines have been developed to identify, analyse, appraise
and monitor the dynamic risks facing the Company. Based on this assessment, the Company adopts appropriate measures to
mitigate these risks in accordance with the Company’s view of the balance between risk and reward.
Credit Risk
Credit risk is the potential exposure of the Company to losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties. The
Company’s exposures to credit risk arise principally from their receivables from customers. Credit risks are controlled in line
with the PETRONAS Group policies and guidelines
The Company minimises credit risk by ensuring that all potential counterparties are assessed prior to registration and entering
new contracts. Existing counterparties are also subject to regular reviews, including re-appraisal and approval of granted limits.
The creditworthiness of counterparties is assessed based on an analysis of all available quantitative and qualitative data
regarding business risks and financial standing, together with the review of any relevant third party and market information.
Management has taken reasonable steps to ensure that receivables that are neither past due nor impaired are stated at their
realisable values. A significant portion of these receivables are regular customers that have been transacting with the Company.
At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether any of the trade receivables are credit impaired. The gross carrying
amounts of credit impaired trade receivables are written off (either partially or full) when there is no realistic prospect of
recovery. This is generally the case when the Company determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income
that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. Nevertheless, trade receivables that are
written off could still be subject to enforcement activities.
Reports are prepared and presented to the management that cover the Company’s overall credit exposure against limits and
securities, exposure by segment and overall quality of the portfolio. Depending on the types of transactions and counterparty
creditworthiness, the Company further mitigates, and limits risks related to credit by requiring collateral or other credit
enhancements such as bank guarantees.
No collateral is required as most of the amounts are due from related companies.
The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amounts of each financial asset in the Statement of

: Financial Position. Exposure to losses increases with concentration of credit risk which may exist when a number of
counterparties are involved in similar activities or operate in the same industry sector or geographical area, which may result
in their ability to meet contractual obligations being impacted by changes in economic, political or other conditions. From
2022 onwards, the Company’s principal customer is a related party as all its trade will go through the same related party. The
creditworthiness of whom is assessed based on the analysis of all available quantitative and qualitative data regarding their
business risks and financial standing. Refer to Note 14 for the gross carrying amounts of the financial assets.

37
