Docusign Envetope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
29 PRONOUNCEMENTS YET IN EFFECT
The following pronouncements that have been issued by the IASB will become effective in future financial reporting periods
and have not been adopted by the Company in these financial statements:
Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026:
« Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments (Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7)
Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027:
e IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
The Company is expected to apply the abovementioned pronouncements beginning from the respective dates the
pronouncements become effective. The initial application of the abovementioned pronouncements is not expected to have any
material impacts to the financial statements of the Company. ‘
IFRS 18 replaces IFRS 101 and introduces enhanced requirements for the presentation and disclosure of financial statements.
The standard mandates structured subtotals in the statement of profit or loss, classification of income and expenses into defined
categories, and disclosure of management - defined performance measures with reconciliations to MFRS amounts. The
Company has assessed the estimated impact on its financial statements upon the initial application of MFRS 18. The
implementation of MFRS 18 will not result in changes to the recognition and measurement of financial statements. The impact
will be limited to the financial statements’ disclosure and presentation.
30 NET TRADING INCOME/(EXPENSE)
Net trading income/(loss) includes realised sale of physical gas contracts and purchase cost of LNG cargoes for regasification.
It also includes realised and unrealised gains/(losses) on financial derivatives.
31 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
There were no significant events after the reporting period, except for the signing of the SLA amendment which was mentioned
in Note 22.
42
