‘Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
STRATEGIC REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)
Overall the softened markets impacted Company’s yearend results achieving a reduced profit of USD0.06
million (2024: USD18.51). Total assets as at 31 December 2025 stood at USD497.7 million, higher than
prior year by 4% mainly driven by increase in current assets at the year-end.
The Company continues to implement its core strategies in:

e monetising and optimising PETRONAS assets in West of Suez;

e expanding its marine fuels business; and .

e sourcing and optimisation of feedstock to PETRONAS refineries.
The Company continued to achieve optimal value for PETRONAS’s foreign equity crude, developing
relationships with key players in the market in collaboration with PETRONAS’s Upstream division. In
particular, the Company actively collaborated with PETRONAS entities in Brazil, Argentina and
Turkmenistan to seek potential trading and marketing opportunities in the coming years.
SECTION 172 OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2006
The Directors are required to act in a manner which complies with their duties as set out in the UK
Companies Act 2006. The Directors must act in accordance with a set of general duties as detailed Section
172 of the Companies Act 2006 which is summarised as follows:
A Director of a company must act in the way he considers, in good faith, would be most likely to promote
the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have regard (amongst
other matters) to:
a. the likely consequences of any decision in the long term,
b. the interests of the Company's employees,
c. the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others,
d. the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment,
e. the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct, and

the need to act fairly as between members of the Company.’
The Directors have a duty to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of the stakeholders as a
whole and have regard to the interests of the stakeholders in their decision making. The values of the
Directors and the stewardship of the Company are aligned with those of the PETRONAS Group.
As outlined in the sections below for ‘Principal Risks’ of the Strategic Report, the Directors of the Company
has put in place various risk management measures to protect the Company and those stakeholders who
depend on it. .
Principal decision ‘
We define principal decisions taken by the Board as those decisions in the financial year that are of a
strategic nature and/or that are significant to any of our key stakeholder groups identified in section below
for ‘Engaging with Stakeholders’ of the Strategic Report. The principal decision made by the Board was
that the Company’s employees continue to operate on a hybrid working arrangement as standard. This
explains how the Directors have engaged with, or in relation to, the different key stakeholder groups, and
how stakeholder interests were considered over the course of decision-making.

8
