Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
STRATEGIC REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
SECTION 172 OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2006 (CONTINUED)
The Directors consider that they have acted in accordance with their duties under Section 172 in the
decisions taken during the year ended 31 December 2025. The level of information disclosed on the
principal decisions above is consistent with the size and complexity of the business. We describe how
stakeholders were considered during the decision-making process by summarising the relevant discussions.
The relevance of each stakeholder group’s interests may differ depending on the nature of decisions being
considered. Board decisions will not necessarily result in a positive outcome for all our stakeholders, but
by considering our purpose, values and business objectives, and having due regard for stakeholder
relationships, the Board aims to ensure that its decisions promote the long-term success of the Company.
ENGAGING WITH STAKEHOLDERS
Effective and high-quality engagement with stakeholders is vital for the success of the Company.
Therefore, the Company regularly engages with employees, customers, suppliers, shareholders, and other
relevant stakeholders. Effective engagement with key stakeholders enables two-way dialogue, stakeholders
are informed on a regular basis on Company’s key activities and strategies which may potentially impact
them, and Company obtains valuable information from key stakeholders which helps to shape Company’s
plans and strategies to ensure sustainability and future growth of the Company. .
Senior leaders of the Company regularly participate in virtual meetings with clients, industry events and
conferences. By carefully listening to the concerns of key stakeholders, the Company could successfully
deliver bespoke solutions to its customers and improved the way it works with its customers, which serves
as an invaluable differentiating factor in the competitive market.
FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS
The Company is committed to contributing a sustainable growth through directing its efforts in expanding
and establishing a niche trading portfolio and trading for PETRONAS’s requirements. By leveraging on its
resources and human talent, the Company strives to deliver profitable business expansion.
PRINCIPAL RISKS
It is the Company’s culture to uphold good corporate governance and institutionalise distinctive risk
management capability to continuously enhance its operational excellence for sustainable business.
The Company’s risk management system is governed by its ultimate holding company’s centralised risk
management control and framework. The risk management system dynamically monitors, and controls
exposed risk faced by the Company. The risks are described as follows:
Commodity price risk
The Company faces the probability of financial loss due to the volatility of commodity prices for crude oil,
petroleum products, fuel oil, LNG and gas as well as financial instruments.
Credit risk
The Company has exposure to financial loss from failure of counterparties to make payments for the crude
oil, fuel oil and petroleum products, LNG and gas delivered.
9
