Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF11912A8BAQ
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
DIRECTORS' REPORT
. FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
The Directors have pleasure in submitting their report and the audited financial statements of PETCO
Trading (UK) Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 December 2025.
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
The Company is a private limited company incorporated and domiciled in the United Kingdom (Registered
No. 06695912) and has its registered address and principal place of business at One New Ludgate, 9th
Floor, 60 Ludgate Hill, London, EC4M 7AW, United Kingdom.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activities of the Company over the course of the financial year consist of marketing of crude
oil and liquified natural gas (“LNG”), trading in crude oil, fuel oil and petroleum products, gas, logistics
and chartering and support services to group companies.
HOLDING COMPANY
The holding company is PETRONAS Trading Corporation Sdn. Bhd. (““PETCO”), a company incorporated
and domiciled in Malaysia. ;
The Controlling party is Petroliam Nasional Berhad (““PETRONAS”), a company incorporated and
domiciled in Malaysia. PETRONAS’ financial statements are available at www.petronas.com.
DIVIDENDS
No dividend was paid during the financial year and the Directors do not recommend any dividend to be
paid for the financial year under review (2024: Nil).
RESERVES AND PROVISIONS
There were no material movements to or from reserves and provisions during the year other than as
disclosed in the financial statements.
POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS
The Company made no political donations or incurred any political expenditure during the financial year
(2024: Nil). ;
GOING CONCERN
The Directors believe that the Company has considered all available information about the future in its
assessment of its ability to continue as a going concern, for at least the next 12 months from the date of
signing these financial statements, which includes the following:
© The Company has developed robust strategies and initiatives, translated into its approved business plan
for the next five financial years. Together with its cashflow forecast for the next two years from the
year ended 31 December 2025, the Company is confident that it will generate sustainable business for
the foreseeable future.
. e The Company has sufficient and easy access to financial resources which includes undrawn trade
finance facilities and letter of credit.
e The Company has term contracts with reputable, creditworthy customers and reliable suppliers across
different regions.
e The Company is not aware of any events or conditions that may cast significant doubt about the going
concern assumption.
2
