, Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
The Directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors’ Report and the financial
statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.
Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law
they have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK-adopted international .
accounting standards and applicable law.
Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that
they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company
for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:
« select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
e¢ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant and reliable;
e state whether they have been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting
standards;
e assess the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern; and '
e use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and
explain the Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position
of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act
2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation
of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have
general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the
Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.
The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information
included on the Company’s website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination
of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
Approved by the Board of Directors and signed on its behalf in accordance with a resolution of the
Directors:
SHAMSUL BAHARI BIN SALLEH
CHAIRMAN
Registered address:
60 Ludgate Hill,
London, EC4M 7AW, United Kingdom
Date: 25 February 2026
13
