Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PETCO TRADING (UK)
LIMITED (continued)
Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud
To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that
could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our
risk assessment procedures included:

e Enquiring of directors and inspection of policy documentation as to the Company’s high-level
policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, including the internal audit function, and the
Company’s channel for “whistleblowing”, as well as whether they have knowledge of any actual,
suspected or alleged fraud.

« Reading Board minutes

e Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management and traders.

© Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

e Consultation with our own forensic professionals regarding the identified fraud risk factors. This involved
the forensic professionals attending the Risk Assessment and Planning Discussion.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud
throughout the audit.

“As required by auditing standards, and taking into account possible pressures to meet sales targets and our overall
knowledge of the control environment, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls,
in particular the risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries. On this audit
we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition due to the non-complex nature of revenue, clear
definition of performance obligations and limited incentives to misstate revenue. .

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

We also performed procedures including:

© Identifying journal entries and other adjustments to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified
entries to supporting documentation. These included entries posted with unusual pairings to revenue, cash
and borrowings accounts, to seldom used accounts, by unauthorized users and those containing high risk key
words determined by the audit team.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement related to compliance with laws and regulations
We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial
statements from our general commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with the directors and
management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the directors management the policies and
procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.
We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-
compliance throughout the audit.
The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.
Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial
reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation, and taxation legislation
and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on the related
financial statement items.

15
