Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PETCO TRADING
(UK) LIMITED (continued)
Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect (continued)
Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance
could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition
of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect: health and safety,
data protection laws, anti-bribery, employment law, Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act (ECCT), UK
Market Abuse Regulation, UK MiFID requirements. Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify
non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management and inspection of
regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore, if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or
evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.
Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation
Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material
misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in
accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws and regulations is
from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures
required by auditing standards would identify it.
In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are
designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot
be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.
Strategic report and directors’ report
The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements
does not cover those reports and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.
Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on
our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial
statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:
. we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors’ report;
. in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial

statements; and
. in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.
Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
e adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from
branches not visited by us; or
e the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
e certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
¢ we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.
We have nothing to report in these respects.
16
