Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
1. BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
1.5 Use of estimates and judgments

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the Company to make

judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of the Company’s accounting

policies with respect to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent
assets aid liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported ainounts of income and
expenses during the reporting period.

Significant judgments

Significant judgements are those made by the Company when applying its accounting policies that

are considered to have the most significant impact on amount recognised in financial statement.

Those judgements that are considered to have most significant impact on amounts recognised in the

financial statements are described in:

1. Note 4: Deferred tax; ,
2. Note 12: Derivatives; :
3. Note 13: Provision;

4. Note 14: Revenue;

5. Note 22: Financial instruments.

The key estimate made for derivatives is the determination of the fair value of the derivative assets

and liabilities. All fair values for derivatives are level 1 and level 2 in the hierarchy. The key estimate

made for the inventories is the estimation of the net realisable value of the inventories.
1.6 Going Concern

The Directors believe that the Company has considered all available information about the future in

its assessment of its ability to continue as a going concern, for at least the next 12 months from the

date of signing, which includes the following:

e During the year, the Company made a profit of USD0.06 million (31 December 2024: USD18.5
million). At the balance sheet date, it held net assets of USD52.4 million (31 December 2024:
USD52.3 million). The Company’s cash balances as at 31 December 2025 stood at USD97.5
million (31 December 2024: USD112.7 million).

e The Company has developed robust strategies and initiatives, translated into its approved
business plan for the next five financial years. Together with its cashflow forecast for the next
two years from the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company is confident that it will generate
sustainable business for the foreseeable future. The Company fully hedges its positions, hence
mitigating its exposure to any adverse market price movements.

¢ The Company has sufficient and easy access to financial resources to cover its working capital
requirements which includes undrawn trade finance facilities and letter of credit from reputable
banks.

e The Company does not have long term loans and other commitments.

e¢ The Company has term contracts with reputable, creditworthy customers and reliable suppliers
across different regions.

¢ The Company is not aware of any events or conditions that may cast significant doubt about the
going concern assumption.

e The Company does not intend to liquidate or cease trading.

23
