Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
1. BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
1.6 Going concern (Continued)
e The Company assessed the potential impact of oil price environment in subsequent periods on
Company’s operations. The details of the assessment are in the Strategic Report on pages 7 to
12. Directors believe that company’s ability to continue as going concern is not impacted by
current economic environment.
Having reviewed the future cash flow forecasts of the Company in the light of the on going Russia-
Ukraine war and the recent developments in the international oil, and in consideration of the current
financial condition of the Company, the Directors have concluded that the Company will continue
to have sufficient funds in order to meet its obligations as they fall due for at least 12 months from
the approval of the financial statements and thus continue to adopt the going concern basis of
accounting in preparing the annual financial statements.
The Directors have also considered the sensitivity of cash flow forecasts under a variety of severe
but plausible scenarios that may arise as a result of the Russia-Ukraine war pandemic and oil market
challenges.
Included in these are:
1. 100% reduction in Crude trading
2. 50% reduction of Products trading
3. 80% reduction of Fuel Oil trading
Cash flow projections in each severe but plausible scenario also suggest that the Company will
continue to be a going concern for at least the 12 months from the approval of the financial
statements.
Accordingly, the financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in
these financial statements, unless otherwise stated.
2.1 Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
Recognition and measurement
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated any
impairment losses.
Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the assets and any other
costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to working condition for their intended use, and the
costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located.
When significant components of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful
lives, they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.
24
