Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF11912A8BAQ
; PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.1. Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (continued)
Subsequent costs
The cost of replacing a component of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the
carrying amount of the item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the
component will flow to the Company and its cost can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of
the replaced item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised with any corresponding gain or
loss recognised in the profit or loss accordingly. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of property,
plant and equipment are recognised in the profit or loss as incurred.
Depreciation
Depreciation for property, plant and equipment is recognised in the profit or loss on a straight-line
basis over the estimated useful lives of each component of an item of property, plant and equipment.
: Property, plant and equipment are not depreciated until the assets are ready for their intended use.
The estimated useful lives of the other property, plant and equipment are as follows:
¢ Office equipment, furniture, and fittings 1 - 10 years
e Computer software and hardware 1-3 years
, e Lease properties (right-of-use) 10 years
© = Vessels (right-of-use) 2 years
The depreciable amount is determined after deducting residual value. The residual value, useful life
and depreciation method are reviewed at each financial year end to ensure that the amount, period
and method of depreciation are consistent with previous estimates and the expected pattern of
consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the items of property, plant and
equipment.
The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the
commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of
the lease term.
Derecognition
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
benefits are expected from its use or disposal. The difference between the net disposal proceeds, if
any, and the net carrying amount is recognised in the profit or loss.
25
