Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS .
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.2 Leases (continued)
(iii) Subsequent measurement (continued)
(b) As a lessor
When there is lease modification due to increase in the scope of lease by adding the right-to-
use one or more underlying assets, the Company assesses whether the lease modification shall
be accounted for as a separate lease or similar to reassessment of lease liability. The Company
accounts for lease modification as a separate lease when the consideration for the lease
increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the increase in scope
and any appropriate adjustments.
When there is lease modification due to decrease in scope, the Company decreases the
: carrying amount of the right-of-use asset and remeasure the lease liability to reflect the partial
or full termination of the lease. The corresponding gain or loss shall be recognised in profit
or loss. Lease liabilities are remeasured for all other lease modifications with corresponding
adjustments to the right-of-use asset.
The Company recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a
straight-line basis over the lease term as part of “revenue”. The Company recognises finance
income over the lease term, based on a pattern reflecting a constant periodic rate of return on
the Company’s net investment in the lease. The Company aims to allocate finance income
over the lease term on a systematic and rational basis. The Company applies the lease
payments relating to the period against the gross investment in the lease to reduce both the
principal and the unearned finance income. The net investment in the lease is subject to
impairment requirements in IFRS 9 Financial Instruments.
2.3 Financial instruments
Recognition and initial measurement
A financial asset or a financial liability is recognised in the statement of financial position when, and
only when, the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
Regular way purchases or sales were recognised on the trade date i.e. the date that the Company
commits to purchase or sell the financial asset.
A financial asset (unless it is a receivable without a significant financing component) or a financial
liability is initially measured at fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial instrument not at
fair value through profit or loss, any directly attributable transaction costs incurred at the acquisition
or issuance of the financial instrument. A trade receivable that does not contain a significant
financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.
29
