Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.3 Financial instruments (continued)
Classification and subsequent measurement (continued) .
(i) Financial assets (continued)
Financial assets are classified as measured at: amortised cost, fair value through other
comprehensive income (“FVOCI’) and fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), as
appropriate.
The Company determines the classification of financial assets at initial recognition and are not
reclassified subsequently to their initial recognition unless the Company changes its business
model for managing financial assets in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on
the first day of the next reporting period after the change of the business model.
Amortised cost
Amortised cost category comprises financial assets that are held within a business model whose
objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows and its contractual terms give rise on
specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal
amount outstanding. The financial assets are not designated as fair value through profit or loss.
Subsequent measurement
Subsequent to initial recognition, these financial assets are measured at amortised cost using the
effective interest method (Note 2.3.(v)). Interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses
are recognised in profit or loss.
Fair value through other comprehensive income
Debt instruments
This category comprises debt instruments where it is held within a business model whose
objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets, and
its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The debt instruments are not
designated as at fair value through profit or loss.
Equity instruments
Fair value through other comprehensive income category also comprises investment in equity
that are not held for trading, and the Company irrevocably elects to present subsequent changes
in the investment’s fair value in other comprehensive income. This election is made on an
investment-by-investment basis.
30
