Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.3 Financial instruments (continued)

(iii) Financial guarantee contracts (continued)

Financial guarantees issued are initially measured at fair value. Subsequently, they are measured

at higher of:

. the amount of the loss allowance; and

. the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income
recognised in accordance to the principles of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
Customers.

Liabilities arising from financial guarantees are presented together with other provisions.

(iv) Derivative financial instruments .
The Company uses derivative financial instruments such as swaps, forward and futures to :
manage certain exposures to fluctuations in commodity prices.

Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a
derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives
are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the
: fair value is negative. Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value on derivatives
during the year are recognised in the profit or loss.
In general, contracts to sell or purchase non-financial items to meet expected own use
requirements are not accounted for as financial instruments. However, contracts to sell or
purchase commodities that can be net settled or which contain written options are required to
be recognised at fair value, with gains and losses recognised in the profit or loss.

(v) Effective interest method
Amortised cost was computed using the effective interest method. This method used effective
interest rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts or payments through the
expected life of the financial instrument to the net carrying amount of the financial instrument.
Amortised cost considers any transaction costs and any discount or premium on settlement.

(vi) Offsetting of financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset, and the net amount is reported in the
statement of financial position if, and only if, there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset
the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets
and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

(vii) Amortised cost of financial instruments
Interest income is recognised by applying effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount
except for credit impaired financial assets (see Note 2.3 (v)) where effective interest rate is
applied to the amortised cost.

33
