Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS .
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.3. Financial instruments (continued)
(viii) Derecognition of financial instruments (continued)
A financial asset is derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have
expired or, the Company has transferred their rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has
assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third
party under a “pass-through” arrangement without retaining control of the asset or substantially
all the risks and rewards of the asset. On derecognition of a financial asset, the difference
between the carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received (including any new
asset obtained less any new liability assumed) and any cumulative gain or loss that had been
recognised in equity is recognised in the profit or loss, except for equity investments at fair
value through other comprehensive income where the gain or loss are recognised in other
comprehensive income.
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or
cancelled or expired. On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the
carrying amount of the financial liabilities extinguished or transferred to another party and the
consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is
recognised in the profit or loss. In the case of waiver of debt from owners, the gain is recognised
in equity as capital reserve.
2.4 Impairment
(i) Financial assets
The Company recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on financial assets
measured at amortised cost and contract assets using the simplified approach permitted by IFRS
9. The Company measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECL, except for debt
securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date, other debt securities
for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and finance lease
receivables, which are measured as 12-month ECL. Loss allowances for trade receivables and
contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECL.
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since
initial recognition and when estimating ECL, the Company considers reasonable and supportable
information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both
quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Company’s historical
experience and informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information, where
available.
The Company assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is
past due.
The Company considers a financial asset to be in default when the borrower is unlikely to pay its
credit obligations to the Company in full, without recourse by the Company to actions such as
realising security.
Lifetime ECL are the ECL that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a
financial instrument, while 12-month ECL are the portion of ECL that result from default events
that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date.
34
