Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Impairment (continued)
(i) Financial assets (continued)
The maximum period considered when estimating ECL is the maximum contractual period over
which the Company is exposed to credit risk.
An impairment loss in respect of financial assets measured at amortised cost is recognised in
profit or loss and the carrying amount of the asset is reduced using an allowance account.
All financial assets, except for those measured at fair value through profit or loss and equity
investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, are subject to
impairment (see Note 2.3. (i)).
(ii) Other assets
The carrying amounts of other assets, other than inventories, deferred tax assets and non-current
assets or disposal groups classifies as held for sale, are reviewed at each reporting date to
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the asset’s
recoverable amount is estimated. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an
asset or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment
losses are recognised in the profit or loss.
A cash-generating unit is the smallest identifiable asset group that generates cash flows from
continuing use that are largely independent from other assets and groups. An impairment loss
recognised in respect of a cash-generating unit is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of
any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in
the unit on a pro-rata basis.
The recoverable amount is the greater of the asset’s fair value less cost to sell and its value-in-
use. In assessing value-in-use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
money and the risks specific to the asset. For an asset that does not generate largely independent
cash inflows, the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset
belongs.
Reversals of impairment losses are credited to the profit or loss in the year in which the reversals
are recognised.
2.5 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and bank balances which have an insignificant
risk of changes in fair value and are used by the Company in the management of their short-term
commitments. For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents are presented
net of bank overdrafts and restricted deposits, if any.
35
