Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.9 Taxation

Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax is recognised in

the profit or loss except to the extent it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it

is recognised in equity.

(i) Current tax
Current tax expense is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using the
statutory tax rates at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous
years.

(ii) Deferred tax
Deferred tax is provided for, using the liability method, on temporary differences at the reporting
date between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial
statements. In principle, deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary
differences and deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences,
unabsorbed capital allowances, unused tax losses and unused tax credits to the extent that it is
probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
differences, unabsorbed capital allowances, unused tax losses and unused tax credits can be
utilised.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the asset
is realised or the liability is settled, based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on the
same taxable entity, or on different tax entities where they intend to settle current tax liabilities
and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised simultaneously. Deferred
tax asset is reviewed at each reporting date and is reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
that future taxable profit will be available against which the related tax benefit can be realised.
Global minimum top-up tax
The Company has adopted International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules upon its release
on 2 June 2023. The amendments introduce a mandatory temporary exception to the accounting
for deferred taxes arising from the jurisdictional implementation of the Pillar Two Model Rules
as well as disclosure requirements on the exposure to Pillar Two income taxes upon adoption.
The application by the respective entity is subject to when the law is being enacted or
substantively enacted in the respective country jurisdiction.
The PETRONAS Group has performed a provisional Pillar Two assessment and concluded that
the Company’s jurisdiction has passed a transitional Country by Country Safe Harbour Test. As
such, there will be no adjustment required in the financial statements.

37
