Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BAQ
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED .
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.10 Foreign currency transactions
In preparing the financial statements of the Company, transactions in currencies other than the
Company’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are translated to the functional currency at rates
of exchange ruling on the transaction dates.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date have been
retranslated to the functional currency at rates ruling on the reporting date.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, which are measured at fair
value, are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the date when
the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in
foreign currency are not retranslated.
Gains and losses on exchange arising from retranslation are recognised under other income or
expense in the profit or loss. Foreign currency gains and losses are reported on a net basis.
2.11 Revenue
Revenue from contracts with customers is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract
with a customer and exclude amounts collected on behalf of other parties. The Company recognises
revenue when or as it transfers control over a product or service to customer. An asset is transferred
when (or as) the customer obtains control of the asset.
Revenue arising from shipping activities is mainly from freight income and charter income. Freight
income and the relevant discharged costs of cargoes loaded onto vessels up to the reporting date are
accrued for in the profit or loss based on percentage of completion method. Charter income is accrued
on straight-line basis over the firm period of the contract, as service is performed.
An entity transfers control of a good or service at point in time and, therefore, satisfies a performance
obligation and recognises revenue at point in time, if one of the following criteria is met:
(a) the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the entity’s
performance as the entity performs;
(b) the entity’s performance creates or enhances an asset (for example, work in progress) that the
customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced; or
(c) the entity’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the entity and the
entity has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
When the Company enters into a physical commodity contract to purchase from a producer and sells
the physical commodity to an end user, the Company has deemed that the own use exemption applies
and the purchases and sales of these commodities are accounted for under IFRS 15 and presented on
a gross basis in Revenue and Cost of sales respectively.
Where the Company acts as agent on behalf of a third party to procure or market energy commodities,
any associated fee income is recognised at the point of time as explained in Note 14, but no purchase or
sale is recorded.
38
