Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912ABBAQ
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
22. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
Market risk
Market risk is the risk or uncertainty arising from changes in market prices and their impact on the
performance of the business.
The market price changes that the Company is exposed to include interest rates, foreign currency
exchange rates, commodity price, equity prices and other indices that could adversely affect the value
of the Company’s financial assets, liabilities or expected future cash flows.
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will
fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. Short term receivables and payables are not
significantly exposed to interest rate risk.
Since most’of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities are fixed rate instruments measured at
amortised cost, a change in interest rate is not expected to have material impact on the Company’s
profit or loss.
The Company’s borrowings comprise unsecured term loans with a maximum maturity of 120 days
and incur interest ranging from SOFR + 0.40% to SOFR + 0.75%per annum (See Note 11). All these
loans were repaid in less than 120 days and therefore the exposure to interest rate risk is immaterial.
Foreign exchange risk
The Company is exposed to varying levels of foreign exchange risk when they enter transactions that
are not denominated in the respective companies’ functional currencies and when foreign currency
monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the reporting date. The main underlying economic
currency of the Company’s cash flow is USD.
The Company’s foreign exchange management policy is to minimise economic and significant
transactional exposures arising from currency movements. The Company coordinates the handling
of foreign exchange risks typically by matching receipts and payments for the same currency.
Residual net positions are actively managed and monitored against prescribed policies and control
procedures.
The Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk is primarily from Pound Sterling (GBP). The
Company’s exposure to foreign currency changes for all other currencies is not material.
63
