Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 1 1912A8BA9
. PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PETCO TRADING
(UK) LIMITED
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Petco Trading (UK) Ltd. (“the Company”) for the year ended
31 December 2025 which comprise the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income,
Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Changes in Equity, Statement of Cash Flows, and related
notes, including the accounting policies information.
In our opinion the financial statements:
e give a true and fair view of the state of the Company’s affairs as at 31 December 2025 and of its profit
for the year then ended;
¢ have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards; and
« have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities
under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the
FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate
basis for our opinion.
Going concern
The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to
liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company’s financial
position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that
could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for 12 months from the date
of approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).
In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company’s business
model and analysed how those risks might affect the Company’s financial resources or ability to continue
operations over the going concern period.
Our conclusions based on this work:
e we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the
financial statements is appropriate;
ewe have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty
related to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the
Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern period.
However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in
outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above
conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.
14
