Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

1.1. Reporting entity
PETCO Trading (UK) Limited, privately owned limited company, is incorporated and domiciled in
the United Kingdom. The Company’s registered office is 60, Ludgate Hill, London, EC4M 7AW,
United Kingdom. The Company is primarily involved in marketing of crude oil, fuel oil blending
and trading in crude oil, petroleum products, gas and LNG, logistics and chartering and support
services to group companies.

. 1.2 Statement of compliance
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted
international accounting standards.
As of 1 January 2025, the Company had adopted amendments to IFRS that have been issued by the
International Accounting Standard Board (“IASB”) as described fully in Note 25.
The adoption of these pronouncements does not have any material impact to the financial statements
of the Company.
IASB has also issued new and revised pronouncements which are not yet effective for the Company
and therefore, have not been adopted for in these financial statements. These pronouncements
including their impact on the financial statements in the period of initial application are set out in
Note 26.
The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on
25 February 2026 .

1.3 Basis of measurement
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared on historical cost basis except for
certain items are measured at fair value as disclosed in the accounting policies below.

1.4 Functional and presentation currency
The financial statements of the Company are measured using the currency of the primary economic
environment in which the entity operates (“the functional currency”).
The Company’s financial statements are presented in United States Dollar (USD), which is also the
Company’s functional currency.
All financial information is presented in USD and has been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless
otherwise stated.

22
