Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.2 Leases
(i) Definition of a lease (continued)

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys a right to control the use of an identified

asset for a period of time in exchange for a consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys

the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Company assess whether:

« the contract involves the use of an identified asset ~ this may be specified explicitly or
implicitly and should be physically distinct or represent substantially all the capacity of a
physically distinct asset. If the supplier has a substantive substitution right, then the asset is
not identified;

« the customer has the right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits from use of the
asset throughout the period of use; and

¢ the customer has the right to direct the use of the asset when it has the decision-making rights
that are most relevant to changing how and for what purpose the asset is used. The customer
has the right to direct the use of the asset if either the customer has the right to operate the
asset; or the customer designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what
purpose it will be used throughout the period of use.

At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component, the Company

allocate the consideration in the contract to each lease and non-lease component based on their

relative stand-alone prices.
(ii)Recognition and initial measurement

(a) As a lessee
The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement
date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount
of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement
date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove
the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less
any lease incentives received.

The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not
paid at the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if
that rate cannot be readily determined, the Company’s incremental borrowing rate is used.
Generally, the Company use their incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.

26
