Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 1 1912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.2 Leases (continued)
(iii) Recognition and initial measurement (continued)
(a) Asa lessee (continued)
Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:
. e fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments;

e variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using

the index or rate as at the commencement date;
¢ amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee;
e the exercise price under a purchase option that the Company are reasonably certain

to exercise; and
e penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Company are reasonably certain .

not to early terminate the contract.
The Company excludes variable lease payments that linked to future performance or usage
of the underlying asset from the lease liability. Instead, these payments are recognised in
profit or loss in the period in which the performance or use occurs. The Company assesses
at lease commencement whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension options
in determining the lease term. The Company has elected not to recognise right-of-use

. assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less
and leases of low-value assets. The Company recognises the lease payments associated
with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
(b) Asa lessor
When the Company acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is
a finance lease or an operating lease. To classify each lease, the Company makes an overall
assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially all of the risks and rewards
incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the case, then the lease is a finance
lease; if not, then it is an operating lease. If an arrangement contains lease and non-lease
components, the Company applies IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers to
allocate the consideration in the contract based on the stand-alone selling price. The
Company recognises assets held under a finance lease in its statement of financial position
and presents them as a receivable at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease.
The Company uses the interest rate implicit in the lease to measure the net investment in
the lease. When the Company is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the
head lease and the sub-lease separately. It assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease
with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not with reference to
the underlying asset. If a head lease is a short-term lease to which the Company applies
the exemption described above, then it classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.
27
