Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.3 Financial instruments (continued)
Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
(i) Financial assets (continued)

Fair value through other comprehensive income (continued)
Subsequent measurement
Financial assets categorised as fair value through other comprehensive income are subsequently
measured at fair value with unrealised gains and losses recognised directly in other
comprehensive income and accumulated under fair value through other comprehensive income
reserve in equity. For debt instruments, when the investment is derecognised or determined to be
impaired, the cumulative gain or loss previously recorded in equity is reclassified to the profit or
loss. For equity instruments, the gains or losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are

; never reclassified to profit or loss. .
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
comprehensive income as described above are measured at fair value through profit or loss. This

. includes derivative financial assets (except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract
or a designated and effective hedging instrument).
On initial recognition, the Company may irrevocably designate a financial asset that otherwise
meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at fair value through other
comprehensive income as at fair value through profit or loss if doing so eliminates or significantly
reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.
Subsequent measurement
Financial assets categorised as fair value through profit or loss are subsequently measured at their
fair value with gains or losses recognised in the profit or loss. The methods used to measure fair
value are stated in Note 2.14.

31
See ee
