Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BAQ
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.3. Financial instruments (continued)
Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
(ii) Financial liabilities
The categories of financial liabilities at initial recognition are as follows:
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Fair value through profit or loss category comprises financial liabilities that are derivatives
(except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging
instrument), liabilities that are classified as held-for trading and financial liabilities that are
specifically designated into this category upon initial recognition. On initial recognition, the
Company may irrevocably designate a financial liability that otherwise meets the requirements
to be measured at amortised cost as at fair value through profit or loss:
a) if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise
arise; :
b) agroup of financial liabilities or assets and financial liabilities is managed, and its performance
is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with a documented risk management or
investment strategy, and information about the group is provided internally on that basis to
the Company’s key management personnel; or
c) if acontract contains one or more embedded derivatives and the host is not a financial asset in
the scope of IFRS 9, where the embedded derivative significantly modifies the cash flows and
separation is not prohibited.
Financial liabilities categorised as fair value through profit or loss are subsequently measured at
their fair value with gains or losses, including any interest expense are recognised in the profit or
loss.
For financial liabilities where it is designated as fair value through profit or loss upon initial
recognition, the Company recognises the amount of change in fair value of the financial liability
that is attributable to change in credit risk in the other comprehensive income and remaining
amount of the change in fair value in the profit or loss, unless the treatment of the effects of
changes in the liability’s credit risk would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch.
Amortised cost
Subsequent to initial recognition, other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at
amortised cost using the effective interest method (see Note 2.3. (iv)). Gains and losses are
recognised in the profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the
amortisation process.
(iii) Financial guarantee contracts
A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments
to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment
when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.
32
