Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS .
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.6 Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated
selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and the
estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
Cost of goods in transit includes the purchase price and other cost directly attributable to the
acquisition of the goods, less trade discounts, rebates and other similar items.
Cost of raw materials and petroleum products includes crude oil costs, export duty, transportation
charges and processing costs and is determined on a weighted average basis.
2.7 Provisions
A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or
constructive obligation that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic
benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the
expected future net cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
value of money and the risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is used, the accretion in the
provision due to the passage of time is recognised as finance cost.
The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the
present obligation at the reporting date. Provisions are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted ©
to reflect the current best estimate.
Possible obligations whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of
one or more future events not wholly within the control of the Company, are not recognised in the
financial statements but are disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the possibility of an outflow of
economic resources is considered remote.
2.8 Employee benefits
(i) Short term benefits
Wages and salaries, bonuses and social security contributions are recognised as an expense in the
year in which the associated services are rendered by employees of the Company.
(ii) Defined contribution plans
The Company makes contributions to defined contribution pension schemes. Such contributions
are recognised as an expense in the profit or loss as incurred.
36
