Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF 11912A8BAQ
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2.12 Net trading income
Net trading income is attributable to the Company’s main business. The Company undertakes
significant activities which, for the purposes of disclosure in the financial statements of the Company
have been classified as ‘third party trading’. Third party trading means where the counterparty to the
contract is not part of PETRONAS group and the Company is trading with third parties to make gain
or loss in market and the commodity is in an active market and therefore can be settled net. In
addition to this, when a counterparty to the contract is part of PETRONAS group but is not a producer
or end user of the commodity, these contracts are part of trading activities.

Physically settled commodity derivatives that represent third party trading are presented net
alongside financially settled derivative contracts in Net trading income.

All commodity derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company are recognised in the
financial statements on the date of trade. All open commodity contracts are included at fair value on
the balance sheet and unrealised gains and losses are recognised within the Net Trading Income.

2.13, Finance income and finance costs
The Company’s finance income and finance costs comprise:

- finance income earned on cash and bank balances and short-term deposit placements; and

- finance cost and other costs incurred in connection with borrowings.
Finance income and finance costs are recognised as and when earned/incurred in the statement of
profit or loss.

2.14 Fair value measurements ,
Fair value of an asset or a liability, except for lease transactions, is determined as the price that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. The measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset
or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market or in the absence of a principal
market, in the most advantageous market.

(i) Financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments that are actively traded in organised financial markets are
determined by reference to quoted market bid prices at the close of business at the end of reporting
date. For financial instruments where there is no active market, fair value is determined using
valuation techniques. Such techniques may include using recent arm’s length market transactions;
reference to the current fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same; discounted
cash flow analysis or other valuation models.

(ii) Non-financial assets
For non-financial assets, the fair value measurement considers a market participant’s ability to
generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

; 39
Neen
