Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.14 Fair value measurements (continued)

(iii) Non-financial assets (continued) :
When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Company uses observable market
data as far as possible. Fair value is categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based
on the input used in the valuation technique as follows:
¢ Level 1 — Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identifiable assets or liabilities.

+ Level 2 —Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level | that are observable for the

: asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).

+ Level 3 — Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data
(unobservable input).

The fair value of an asset to be transferred between levels is determined as of the date of the event
or change in circumstances that caused the transfer. The Company recognises transfers between
levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the date of the event or change in circumstances that caused
the transfers.

2.15 Current versus non-current classification

The Company presents assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position based on

current/non-current classification. An asset is current when it is:

+ Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in the normal operating cycle

* Held primarily for the purpose of trading

¢ Expected to be realised within twelve months after the reporting period

Or

¢ Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at

least twelve months after the reporting period

All other assets are classified as non-current.

A liability is current when:

+ It is expected to be settled in the normal operating cycle

* It is held primarily for the purpose of trading

¢ It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period

Or

* There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months

after the reporting period

The terms of the liability that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the

issue of equity instruments do not affect its classification.

The Company classifies all other liabilities as non-current.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current assets and liabilities.

40
