Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
22. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) .
Credit Risk (continued)
With respect to credit risk arising from the other financial assets of the Company, which comprise
cash, and derivative financial assets, the Company’s exposure to credit risk arises from default of the
counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount of these instruments. The
Company limits its counterparty credit risk by performing know your client process by PETRONAS
risk team.
i) Receivables
Risk management objectives, policies, and processes for managing the risk
The Company minimises credit risk by ensuring that all potential third-party counterparties are
_ assessed prior to registration and entering new contracts. Existing third-party counterparties are
. also subject to regular reviews, including re-appraisal and approval of granted limits. The
creditworthiness of counterparties is assessed based on analysis of all available quantitative and
qualitative data regarding business risks and financial standing, together with the review of any
relevant third party and market information. Reports are prepared and presented to the
management that cover the Company’s overall credit exposure against limits and securities,
exposure by segment and overall quality of the portfolio.
Depending on the types of transactions and creditworthiness of the counterparty, the Company
. further mitigates and limits risks related to credit by requiring collateral or other credit
enhancements such as cash deposits, letter of credit and bank guarantees.
As at 31 December 2025, the Company had nil receivables (2024: Nil) secured by letter of credit.
Management has taken reasonable steps to ensure that receivables that are neither past due nor
impaired are stated at their realisable values. A significant portion of these receivables are regular
customers that have been transacting with the Company.
At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether any of the trade receivables and contract
assets are credit impaired. The gross carrying amounts of credit impaired trade receivables are
written off (either partially or full) when there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is
generally the case when the Company determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources
. of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.
Nevertheless, trade receivables and contract assets that are written off could still be subject to
enforcement activities.
. 58
