Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF11912A8BA9
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
22. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
Market risk (continued)
Currency risk sensitivity analysis (continued)
The sensitivity analysis is hypothetical and should not be considered to be predictive of future
performance because the Company’s actual exposure to market prices is constantly changing with
changes in the Company’s portfolio of among others, commodity, debt and foreign currency
contracts. Changes in fair values or cash flows based on a variation in a market variable cannot be
extrapolated because the relationship between the change in market variable and the change in fair
value or cash flows may not be linear.
In addition, the effect of a change in a given market variable is calculated independently of any
change in another assumption and mitigating actions that would be taken by the Company. In reality,
changes in one factor may contribute to changes in another, which may magnify or counteract the
sensitivities.
The following table demonstrates the indicative pre-tax effects on the profit or loss and equity of
applying reasonably foreseeable market movements in the following currency exchange rates:
Appreciation in Effect on
foreign currency rate profit or loss
% USD’000
31.12.2025 .
GBP 10 3,549
EUR 5 181
31.12.2024
GBP 10 56
EUR 5 21
This analysis assumes all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant. A depreciation
in foreign currency rate above would have had equal but opposite effect, on the basis that all other
variables remain constant.
Commodity price risk
The Company is exposed to changes in crude oil, petroleum products and gas prices which may
affect the value of the Company’s assets, liabilities or expected future cash flows. To mitigate these
exposures from a business perspective, the Company enters various financial instruments. In
effecting these transactions, the Company operates within policies and procedures designed to ensure
risks are minimised.
All financial instruments positions are marked-to-market by independent risk management
department and reported to management for performance monitoring and risk management purposes
on a daily basis.
65
