Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF11912A8BAQ
: PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
DIRECTORS' REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
ISSUE OF SHARES
There were no changes in the issued and paid-up capital of the Company during the financial year.
ENGAGING WITH STAKEHOLDERS
The Directors regularly and actively engaged with the Company’s employees, customers, suppliers,
shareholders, and other relevant stakeholders to understand relevant stakeholder views. This is to ensure
that all decision making is sufficiently informed and is supportive of directors’ duties under Section 172
of Companies Act 2006. Further details on how Company’s relationship with stakeholders’ shapes and
influences strategic consideration around issues material to them can be found in the Strategic Report on
page 7.
Employees
The Company regards its employees as its most valued asset and puts great emphasis on the wellbeing and
morale of the employees. Regular engagement with employees helps the Company understand the areas of
importance with regards to the working environment and Company culture. Directors conduct regular face
to face engagement sessions with employees to inform them on the latest developments and to hear
employees’ concerns and suggestions.
Through PETRONAS intranet, employees can access articles by leaders in PETRONAS and Company
information.
Customers and suppliers
The Company and relevant Directors proactively and continuously engage with its customers and suppliers
through both face to face meetings and digital platforms. Business trips to office locations of key customers
and suppliers ensure loyalty and expansion of the Company’s business relationships. Directors also
regularly participate in industry events to huild relationships with new and existing customers and
suppliers.
Shareholders
The Company regularly engages with its shareholder, PETCO, with representation at the shareholder’s
Board of Directors meetings, providing regular updates on business performance, strategies and plans for
future years, as well as participating in other regular meetings at the PETRONAS Group headquarters in
Kuala Lumpur.
Other stakeholders
The Company also regularly engages with its bankers, government agencies and service providers to
provide them with the required regulatory information to comply with laws and regulations. The Company
has actively participated in the surveys conducted by the Office of National Statistics during the year.
EVENTS AFTER REPORTING DATE
There were no significant events after the reporting period as disclosed in Note 27 to the financial
statements.
4
