Docusign Envelope ID: 021C6E53-9699-4EEA-B728-AF11912A8BAQ
PETCO TRADING (UK) LIMITED
STRATEGIC REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
PRINCIPAL RISKS (CONTINUED)
Operational control risk
The Company is subject to operational control risk around its normal course of business activities.
Deficiencies in information systems, breaches of internal controls, human errors, management failure,
operational problems, fraud or geopolitical instability could lead to disruption of business, financial loss,
regulatory intervention or damaged reputation.
Inventory risk
The Company is potentially exposed to physical loss of inventories and decrease in value of its inventories
due to commodity price movements.
Performance risk
Performance risk is the potential exposure of the Company to financial loss arising from failure of
counterparties to perform their contractual obligations. :
Basis risk
This is the potential financial loss arising from different pricing terms on hedging strategy for sale and
purchase of crude oil, fuel oil, petroleum products, LNG and gas.
To help mitigate the effect of these risks and uncertainties, the Company:
e regularly reviews trading conditions to be able to respond quickly to changes in market conditions;
© continuously monitors market dynamics and where possible updates commercial margins;
¢ continuously monitors customers credit exposure to minimise credit losses;
¢ applies procedures and controls to manage compliance and operational risks, including adhering to a
strict internal control framework;
e adopts appropriate financial strategies to manage exposure to foreign exchange risk, commodity price
: risk, basis risk; and .
e regularly monitors trading and maintaining close relationships with key players in the market in .
collaboration with PETRONAS to achieve optimal value for the group.
Customers
The Company’s customers continue to trade and have access to our products by taking or receiving products
as usual at oil, gas and LNG terminals and via oil and LNG tankers. Majority of Company’s customers are
PETRONAS group subsidiaries and major oil and gas players.
The Company has not faced any issues regarding its receivables and customers have been paying as per the
contractual due dates. The Company manages its credit risk as per the PETRONAS Credit Risk guidelines
and minimises credit risk by ensuring that all potential third-party counterparties are assessed prior to
registration and entering new contracts. Existing third-party counterparties are also subject to regular
reviews, including re-appraisal and approval of granted limits. These limits are reviewed when there is a
change in market environment. Before entering any new deal with customers, the Company reviews the
current credit limit. Majority of sales are with related parties, which are less subject to credit risk. Majority
of the sales to third parties are usually on secured basis. Therefore, changes in market environment due to
Russia-Ukraine war will not have adverse impact in terms of credit risk.
10
