Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
Directors’ report
The Directors of LNG Investments Europe Limited (LIEL) present their report together with the audited financial statements for
the year ended 31 December 2025.
Petroliam Nasional Berhad is the ultimate parent undertaking and will together with its subsidiaries be referred to as “the
PETRONAS Group”.
Principal place of business
The Company is a private limited company incorporated and domiciled in the United Kingdom (Registered No. 09291740) and has
its principal place of business at One New Ludgate, 9th Floor, 60 Ludgate Hill, London, EC4M 7AW, United Kingdom.
Holding company
The holding company is PETRONAS LNG Sdn. Bhd. (“PLSB”), a company incorporated and domiciled in Malaysia.
The ultimate holding company is Petroliam Nasional Berhad (“PETRONAS”), a company incorporated and domiciled in
Malaysia. PETRONAS’ financial statements are available at www.petronas.com.
The Company does not have any branch.
Engagement with Shareholders
The Company regularly engages with its shareholder, PETRONAS I.NG Sdn. Bhd., with representation at the shareholder’s Board
of Directors meetings, providing regular updates on business performance, strategies and plans for future years, as well as
participating in other regular meetings at the PETRONAS Group headquarters in Kuala Lumpur.
Issue of shares
No shares were issued during the year (2024: Nil).
Events after the reporting date
There were no significant events after the reporting period. See Note 31. -
Dividends
The Company has not declared any dividend during the year (2024 - £Nil) and the Directors do not recommend the payment of a
dividend.
Political Contribution
The Company made no political contribution or incurred any political expenditures during the year (2024 - £Nil).
Statement of Going Concern
The Company's business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development, its financial position, financial
risk management objectives, engagement with customers, suppliers and stakeholders, its exposure to market, credit and liquidity
risk are detailed out in the Strategic Report.
The financial position of the Company is set out in the financial statements. The Company is also part of the PETRONAS Group
that has considerable financial resources.
PETRONAS LNG Sdn. Bhd. (“PLSB”), the immediate holding company, has agreed to provide financial support for a minimum
of twelve months period from the date of signing of these financial statements in order for the Company
8
