Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
DIRECTORS’ REPORT :
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

Statement of Going Concern (continued)
To continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due if necessary. As a result, the Company continue to adopt the going concern basis
in preparing the financial statements.
Having considered the Company’s financial position, as well as the Company’s forecast and projections, the Directors have
assessed the cashflows of the Company for 12 months from the date of these financial statements and concluded that the Company
would require support from its immediate Parent entity in order to continue to be going concern. PLSB has agreed to provide
financial support for a period of twelve months from the date of signing these financial statements in order for the Company to
continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due. PLSB, has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable
future. PLSB has performed stress testing on its cash position which indicates that there is no material risk that PLSB will be
unable to provide financial support to the Company for a period of 12 months from the issuance of these financial statements.
PLSB stressed the cash position to incorporate the capital and operational commitments of the group as outflows and the stress
scenario demonstrates that PLSB would still be in a position to provide financial support to the Company to enable it to meet its
liabilities as they fall due. Accordingly, Directors of the Company continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the
financial statements.
Directors and Directors' interest
The Directors of the Company who served during the year and until the date of this report were as follows:

Shamsairi Bin Mohd Ibrahim

Ezran Bin Mahadzir

Marliza Binti Abdul Rahim

Nik Mohsain Nik Ahmad (Appointed on 14 January 2026)

Jazlinawati Osman (Resigned on 12 January 2026)
The Directors in office at the end of the year who have interests and deemed interests in the shares of the Company and of its
related corporations other than wholly-owned subsidiaries (including the interests of the spouses and/or children of the Directors
who themselves are not Directors of the Company) as recorded in the Register of Directors’ are as follows:

. Number of shares in PETRONAS Chemicals Group Berhad
Balance at Bought Sold Balance at

Name 01.01.2025 31.12.2025

Directors :

Shamsairi Bin Mohd Ibrahim 6,000 - - 6,000

: Number of shares in PETRONAS Gas Berhad
Balance at Bought Sold Balance at

Name 01.01.2025 31.12.2025

Directors

Shamsairi Bin Mohd Ibrahim 1,000 - - 1,000
None of the other Directors holding office at 31 December 2025 had any interest in the ordinary shares of the Company and of its
related corporations during the financial year.
Directors Remuneration
Please see Note 23 ,
Directors Indemnity Provisions
During the period under review, the Company had in force an indemnity provision in favour of the Directors against liability in
respect of proceedings brought by third parties, subject to the conditions set out in Section 234 of the Companies Act 2006. Such
qualifying third-party indemnity provision remains in force as at date of approving the Directors’ report.

9
