Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
Financial Risk Management
The Company uses financial instruments to achieve financial risk management objectives and mitigate price risk, credit risk,
liquidity risk and cash flow risk as mentioned in Note 25.
Engagement with suppliers and customers and future developments
Directors have disclosed their engagement with suppliers and customers and future developments related to the Company in the
Strategic Report.
Auditors
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, In the absence of a notice proposing that the appointment be terminated,
Emst & Young LLP will be deemed to be re-appointed as the Company’s auditor for the next year. Refer to Note 10 for Auditors
Remuneration.
Directors' Statement as to the Disclosure of Information to the Auditor
The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ Report confirm that, so far that they are aware, there is no
relevant audit information (as defined by Section 418(3) of the Companies Act 2006) of which the Company’s auditor is unaware;
and each Director has taken all steps that he or she ought to have taken as a Director to make himself or herself aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of that information.
Directors' Energy and Carbon Report
The directors report the Company’s sources of UK energy use as required by the Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting
(SECR) frameworks. The report presents the company’s UK energy use between | January to 31 December 2025, the Company’s
financial year.
The Company has identified all sources of energy consumption and associated greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The categories
are outlined as follows:
Scope 1: energy consumption and GHG emissions from activities owned or directly controlled by the Company.
Scope 2: energy consumption and GHG emissions associated with consumption of purchased electricity, heat, steam and cooling,
which are a consequence of the Company’s activities, but which occur at sources that the Company does not own or control.
Scope 3: emissions from sources controlled by external enterprises in the Company’s supply chain that are a consequence of the
Company’s actions, which occur at sources which the Company does not own or control and which are not classed as Scope 2
emissions.
The Company’s energy consumption is primarily linked to its UK-based activities, specifically involving the transportation of
liquefied natural gas (LNG) for regasification in the UK. In 2025, the Company utilises transport fuel with total energy
consumption of 854,374.11 kWh for journeys that conclude within the UK (2024: nil). This consumption falls under Scope 3
emissions as the Company does not own or directly control the vehicle.
For the reporting period, the Company’s energy use is derived solely from the fuel used in the transportation of LNG. The Company
does not incur Scope 1 or Scope 2 emissions, as it does not purchase electricity and does not employ any personnel.
By Order of the Board ,
Shamsairi Bin Mohd Ibrahim
Director
Date: 02 Ce 2026
10
