Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of LNG Investments Europe Limited for the year ended 31 December 2025 which
comprise the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income, the Statement of Changes in Equity, the Statement
of Financial Position and the Statement of Cash Flows and the related notes | to 31, including material accounting policy
information. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and UK adopted
international accounting standards.
In our opinion, the financial statements:
> — give a true and fair view of the company’s affairs as at 31 December 2025 and of its profit for the year then ended;
> have been properly prepared in accordance with UK adopted international accounting standards; and
» have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Internationa! Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
statements section of our report. We are independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are
relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard , and we have fulfitled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Conclusions relating to going concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the
preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.
Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that,
individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concer for a period of
12 months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections
of this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this statement is not a guarantee as to the
company’s ability to continue as a going concern.
Other information
The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information contained within the annual report.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated
in this report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to
determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial statements themselves. If, based on the work we
have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.
12
