Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006

In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

> the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which the financial

statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

» the strategic report and directors’ report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of the audit, we have
not identified material misstatements in the strategic report or directors’ report.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report
to you if, in our opinion:

e adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches

not visited by us; or

e the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

e certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

e we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit

Responsibilities of directors

As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement set out on page 11, the directors are responsible for the
preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as
the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a
high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or
in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
financial statements.
Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our
responsibilities, outlined above, to detect irregularities, including fraud. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement due to
fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for
example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion. The extent to which our procedures are capable of
detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below. However, the primary responsibility for the prevention and detection
of fraud rests with both those charged with governance of the entity and management.

* We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that are applicable to the company and determined that
the most significant are Companies Act 2006, International Financial Reporting Standards, the relevant direct and indirect tax
compliance, and UK data protection laws.

+ We understood how the company is complying with those frameworks by performing inquiries of management, those
charged with governance and those responsible for legal and compliance procedures to understand the Company maintains
and communicates its policies and procedures in these areas. We corroborated our inquiries through reading the board
minutes held during the year, and up to the auditor’s report date.

13
