Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F 5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The following are the material accounting policies applied by the Company in preparing its financial statements:
2.1 Net trading income
Net trading income is attributable to the Company’s main business activities. The Company undertakes significant activities
which, for the purposes of disclosure in the financial statements of the Company have been classified as ‘trading’.
All commodity contracts and derivative financial instruments entered into by the Company as part of its gas trading activities
are recognised in the financial statements on the date of trade. Net trading income includes realised gains/(losses) on all
commodity physical contracts and financial derivatives. All open gas forward and gas futures contracts are carried at their
mark-to-market value on balance sheet date and unrealised gains and losses are recognised within the net trading
income/(losses).
Costs incurred by the Company arising from the use of Dragon LNG import storage and regasification terminal are presented
within Cost of LNG regasification, which are attributed to both net trading income and cancellation income/option fees and
operating margin income which are presented within revenue from contracts with customer (Note 4).
2.2 Trade and other receivables
A receivable is recognised if an amount of consideration that is unconditional is due from the customer (i.e., only the passage
of time is required before payment of the consideration is due). Refer to accounting policies of financial assets in section 2.9
i) Financial instruments — initial recognition and subsequent measurement. This also includes a tax receivable and a collateral
balance.
2.3. Revenue recognition ,
A breakdown of revenue is disclosed in Note 4 to the financial statements. Revenue is measured based on the consideration
specified in a contract with a customer and exclude amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The Company recognises
revenue when or as it transfers control over a product or service to customer. An asset is transferred when (or as) the customer
obtains control of the asset. An entity transfers control of a good or service over time and, therefore, satisfies a performance
obligation and recognises revenue over time, if one of the following criteria is met:
(a) the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the entity’s performance as the entity
performs;
(b) the entity’s performance creates or enhances an asset (for example, work in progress) that the customer controls as
the asset is created or enhanced, or
(c) the entity’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the entity and the entity has an enforceable
right to payment for performance completed to date.
Ifa performance obligation is not satisfied over time in accordance with the above criteria, an entity satisfies the performance
obligation and recognises revenue at a point in time.
Revenue from cancellation and option fees and recovery charges are recognised based on consideration specified the contracts
with customers.
2.4. Finance costs
All financing costs are expensed in the period they occur. Financing costs consist of interest and other costs that the Company
incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds as well as the unwinding of Onerous contract provision.
20
