Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
In preparing the financial statements transactions in currencies other than the entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies)
are translated to the functional currencies at rates of exchange ruling on the transaction dates.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date have been retranslated to the functional
currency at rates ruling on the reporting date.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, which are measured at fair value, are retranslated to
the functional currency at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary
items that are measured in terms of historical cost in foreign currency are not retranslated.
Gains and losses on exchange arising from retranslation are recognised in the profit or loss, except for differences arising on
the retranslation of equity instruments at FVOCI, which are recognised in equity and are never reclassified to profit or loss.
2.7 Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and/or accumulated impairment losses, if any.
Tank heel has an indefinite useful life and therefore is not depreciated. Tank heel is the minimum level of LNG that is needed
to maintain the operations at the Dragon LNG terminal.
2.8 Inventories
LNG is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. ;
2.9 Financial instruments
A financial instrument is recognised in the statement of financial position when, and only when the Company becomes a party
to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
Regular way purchases or sales were recognised on the trade date i.e., the date that the Company commit to purchase or sell
the financial asset.
A financial asset (unless it is a receivable without a significant financing component) and a financial liability is measured at
fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial instrument not at fair value through profit or loss, any directly attributable
transaction cost incurred at the acquisition or issuance of the financial instrument.
i) Financial assets
Financial assets are classified as measured at amortised cost (“AC”), FVOCI or fair value through profit or loss (““FWVTPL”),
as appropriate.
The Company determines the classification of financial assets at initial recognition and are not reclassified subsequent to their
initial recognition unless the Company changes its business model for managing financial assets in which case all affected
financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income as described
below, are measured at fair value through profit or loss. This includes derivative financial assets (except for a derivative that
is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging instrument). On initial recognition, the Company may
irrevocably designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at fair value
through other comprehensive income as at fair value through profit or loss if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an
. ~accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.
Subsequent measurement
Financial assets categorised as fair value through profit or loss are subsequently measured at their fair value with gains or
losses recognised in the profit or loss.
22
