Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.9 Financial instruments (continued)
Amortised cost
Amortised cost category comprises financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to
collect contractual cash flows and its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The financial assets are not designated as fair value through profit
or loss.
Subsequent measurement
Effective interest method
Amortised cost was computed using the effective interest method. This method used effective interest rate that exactly
discounts estimated future cash receipts or payments through the expected life of the financial instrument to the net carrying
amount of the financial instrument. Amortised cost takes into account any transaction costs and any discount or premium on
settlement. .
Amortised cost of financial instruments
Interest income is recognised by applying effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount except for credit impaired
financial assets where effective interest rate is applied to the amortised cost.
Fair value through other comprehensive income .
Debt instruments
This category comprises debt instruments where it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both
collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets, and its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash
flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The debt instruments are not
designated as at fair value through profit or loss.
Equity instruments
Fair value through other comprehensive income category also comprises investment in equity that are not held for trading, and
the Company irrevocably elects to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in other comprehensive income.
This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis.
Subsequent measurement
Financial assets categorised as fair value through other comprehensive income are subsequently measured at fair value with
unrealised gains and losses recognised directly in other comprehensive income and accumulated under fair value through other
comprehensive income reserve in equity. For debt instruments, when the investment is derecognised or determined to be
impaired, the cumulative gain or loss previously recorded in equity is reclassified to the profit or loss. For equity instruments,
the gains or losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are never reclassified to profit or loss.
Financial assets categorised as fair value through profit or loss are subsequently measured at their fair value with gains or
losses recognised in the profit or loss. The methods used to measure fair value are stated in Note 2.12
23
