Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.9 Financial instruments (continued)
iii) Derivative financial instruments (continued)
An embedded derivative is recognised separately from the host contract where the host contract is not a financial asset, and
accounted for separately if, and only if, the derivative is not closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the
host contract and the host contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. The host contract, in the event an
embedded derivative is recognised separately, is accounted for in accordance with policy applicable to the nature of the host
contract.
iv) Offsetting of financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position if, and
only if, there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net
basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
2.10 Impairment
i) Financial assets
The Company recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses on financial assets measured at amortised cost.
The Company measures allowances on cash and cash equivalent at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit loss, that are
determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
recognition and finance lease receivables, which are measured as 12-month expected credit loss.
Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit loss.
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when
estimating expected credit loss, the Company considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available
without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Companies
historical experience and informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information, where available.
The Company assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is past due.
The Company considers a financial asset to be in default when the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the
Company in full, without recourse by the Company to actions such as realising security.
Lifetime expected credit losses are the expected credit losses that result from all possible default events over the expected life
of a financial instrument, while 12-month expected credit losses are the portion of expected credit losses that result from
default events that are possible within the 12-months after the reporting date.
The maximum period considered when estimating expected credit losses is the maximum contractual period over which the
Company is exposed to credit risk.
An impairment loss in respect of financial assets measured at amortised cost is recognised in profit or loss and the carrying
amount of the asset is reduced through the use of an allowance account. ‘
25
