Docusign Envelope ID: BCBF091A-82F 5-40AD-846A-E840C6C56334
LNG INVESTMENTS EUROPE LIMITED
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.12 Fair value measurement
Fair value of an asset or a liability except for lease transactions is determined as the price that would be received to sell an
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The
measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market or
in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market.
i) Financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments that are actively traded in organised financial markets are determined by reference
to quoted market bid prices at the close of business at the end of reporting date. For financial instruments where there is no
active market, fair value is determined using valuation techniques. Such techniques may include using recent arm’s length
market transactions; reference to the current fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same; discounted cash
flow analysis or other valuation models.
ii) Non-financial assets
For non-financial asset, the fair value measurement takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic
benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset
in its highest and best use.
When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Company uses observable market data as far as possible. Fair value
is categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the input used in the valuation technique as follows:
Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identifiable assets or liabilities.
Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from prices).
Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable input).
The fair value of an asset to be transferred between levels is determined as of the date of the event or change in circumstances
that caused the transfer, The Company recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the date of the event
or change in circumstances that caused the transfers.
2.13 Provision
A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be
estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. The expense
relating to a provision is presented in the statement of profit or loss net of any reimbursement. If the effect of the time value
of money is material, a provision is determined by discounting the expected future outflow of economic resources at a pre-
tax risk-free rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.
Where discounting is used, the accretion in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as finance cost.
The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the most likely outcome of the expenditure required to settle the
present obligation at the reporting date. Provisions are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted to reflect the current best
estimate. Possible obligations whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more
future events not wholly within the contro! of the Company, are not recognised in the financial statements but are disclosed as
contingent liabilities unless the possibility of an outflow of economic resources is considered remote.
Onerous contract
A provision for an onerous contract is recognised when the expected benefits to be derived by the Company from a contract
are lower than the unavoidable cost of meeting its obligations under the contract. The unavoidable costs under a contract
reflect the least net cost of exiting from the contract, which is the lower of the cost of fulfilling it and any compensation or
penalties arising from failure to fulfil it. The cost of fulfilling a contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract
(i.e., both incremental costs and an allocation of costs directly related to contract activities). Before a provision is established,
the Company recognises any impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract.
27
